it's time to stop everybody sometimes in
life things just go too far and we have
reached that point everybody tech talk
videos that's right how many more videos
am I gonna milk from this slowest one
moderate Isis
I need that tick tock ad revenue it's
like they give it to you and take it
away anyway guys let's react to some
crunchy tech tag videos you see what I
mean a couple of weeks ago we saw this
trend on tick tock kids are starting to
parody these dumbass tick tock videos
now it's just gone full circle there's
no actual content left it's just kids
trolling each other 99% fortnight dances
and I don't even know God what to
describe some of it I mean at this point
no one is making actual tick tock videos
I can't find actual tick tock but let's
go jump into it I'm clearly way too old
to look at this stuff that girl by the
way is the same girl that does a stupid
muffin song and I can't show them I
think song because the video will get
claimed but don't tell me I warned you
cuz it's it's about the ball and they
say it legends say if you watch this
video too long you will actually
you
contract
not living have you heard of lgbtq+ well
I am the P as in Ben Shapiro destroying
live cards one at a time with pure facts
and knowledge that's great Ben Shapiro
has infiltrated tick-tock everybody
[Music]
hitting women is never okay
never hit a child what would you do if
there was a child right in front of you
it's so good she clearly is playing
along with it you can't go all right
he'll be tracer
I love the guy with the TV bastion when
earth is gone wait been swallowed by a
black hole over the Sun itself
this video will still be going there
will still be kids making replies to
this one what if what if like I'm
getting some weird ideas kids keep using
tick-tock it becomes this phenomena
phenomena you know what never mind
oh great is this one matter miss I guess
they never a Miss huh you got a
boyfriend
I bet he doesn't kiss here this is a
dude what what this is a perfect summary
of tick tock because first of all it's
not a dude second of all the fact that
people think it's a dude is the reason
why this video is popular keep that give
that some thought for a minute okay the
bully's bonus app has gotten way out of
hand y'all need to grow up okay this is
the alternative version of me if I if I
did tik-tok videos instead of YouTube
this is how I would end up their
bullying on this app has to stop I never
felt so all this reviewing these video
clips you understand that right I don't
take pleasure in this it's like watching
the fall of society that's right sir
society it's society's fault you know I
used to think all these social justice
thing was bad look at the kids look at
what kids are up to we're doomed it's
over you gotta get this dog man to the
frontlines the furries they're coming
I'll hold them off though just keep
passing it what
all right now it matters the screams you
ruined it is such good Wi-Fi in the
kitchen
I mean yes finally kids are getting woke
they're taking the red pill finally are
there and they're asking the real
questions before we need to restore and
everyone oh my god
this this will win us the war and it's
gone and it's gone it's all gone what
are you doing stop get some help
guys if a girl's ever got you down just
remember I want to be chaser I'm already
chaser so I can't laugh at that I'm
still extremely disappointed I did not
just laugh out a spoon falling on a
carpet I really hate myself I really
honestly I do if any of you gamer boys
are out here looking for a gamer girl
I'm here I've arrived and this is your
boyfriend application so to apply all
you have to do is do at this tick tock
showing me what you bring to the table
and then I'll pick my favorite game room
this is a track that's a tramp okay she
has clearly not showed that she's a
gamer how am I supposed to know a girl
is a gamer if she doesn't show it how am
I supposed to understand if she's a
gamer girl if she at least you know if
she's not choking down on her video game
controller huh if a whamon isn't wearing
epic video game headphones and sucking
on a controller how am I supposed to
believe you you're not a gamer girl
you're a faker girl learn to spot one I
may have just saved your life you're
welcome
[Music]
okay fine
someone the more funny and creative I
will say that that doesn't change the
fact that I want to die okay here miss I
guess I never miss huh you got a
boyfriend I bet he doesn't kiss ya whoa
it's been hit the dad look Wiz Khalifa
if any of you gamer boys out there
looking for a gamer girlfriend well I'm
here to tell you to focus we have a warg
into the furries to win and we have no
time for women I'm sorry
what has happened to teen touch why is
she doing that though like is there a
reason she's doing that face or is that
her actual face hidden miss geez I guess
I'll be traced you got a boyfriend but I
want to be wind and you should have
finished you read the muffin sung cool
so this is about the only useful thing
tick tock has done shown a compilation
of cats being petted congratulations
everyone congratulations this is this is
truly inspiring this is it the internet
working together to actually make a
difference well done good job everyone
[Music]
why am i laughing at this this is so bad
which is what meg is so great at our
mesh I bet you never miss huh
please
please please you see what I mean
these kids must be stopped we cannot let
them keep doing tick tock videos this is
just a beginning - what has it been like
two weeks this is too far really it's
officially gone too far I don't want to
see the end of it first I spill the milk
a few girls keep saying we're going to
port me I'm gonna punch you in your face
you know what dick duck is back I love
it that's great I have no idea what the
context is I don't even know if it's a
joke
but I love it so I've been getting a lot
of salutes on my posts the past couple
days um can you guys stop please um
women don't deserve any respect from
girls just begging for attention with
these insane cringe-worthy pose two
girls begging for attention with
self-deprecating ironic humor I'm okay
with it
I'm okay with well done so I was
thinking of making this hilarious video
where it's like so I'm doing a react and
the other videos like I don't know it's
something sad and then I respond by
doing a fortnight dance
I think it's you've done it before so I
was thinking of making this hilarious
video where it's like so I'm doing a
reactor and the other videos like I
don't know it's something sad and then I
respond by doing a fortnight dance I
think it's gonna be really funny because
no one's ever done it but it's so lame
it's so unoriginal it's so uninspired I
mean I'm no one to talk really that is a
fake illness that's not even realistic
tonsillitis Cola fever headaches or even
a cough it's real and diseases are real
why would you make that I'm so confused
now I'm back at being confused there's
so many emotions with tick tock it never
ends
these news about this
women bullying women that's awesome
finally okay
that was it for this Tech Talk video
that's right everybody this is the last
one I promise guys don't worry I will
not upload I will not melt this topic
any further then it needs to be just
wanted to wrap it up with a little
little smile on your face so I hope you
enjoyed it's nice like if you enjoyed
and I'll see you guys tomorrow breakfast
you
[Music]